Correct the description of generation thresholds in the gc docs (#1030)
python/devguide: internals/garbage-collector.rst

it will be moved to the last generation (generation 2) where it will be
surveyed the least often.

In order to decide when to run, the collector keeps track of the number object
allocations and deallocations since the last collection. When the number of
allocations minus the number of deallocations exceeds ``threshold_0``,
collection starts. Initially only generation 0 is examined. If generation 0 has
been examined more than ``threshold_`` times since generation 1 has been

> examined, then generation 1 is examined as well. With the third generation,

Reviewer: Does "the third generation" refer to "generation 2" here? Or what happens to the second generation? At least to me, this seems like this could be a bit confusing...

Author: We can say "generation 2", but I would say is clear from the previous number that the generation 0 is the first and generation 1 is the 2nd

Reviewer: Perhaps I'm just a n00b, but I sure was more than a little confused by the abrupt and unexplained jump from 0-indexed cardinal numbers to 1-indexed ordinal numbers. Absent a strong reason otherwise, it would seem clearly preferable to be consistent and avoid the obvious potential for confusion and ambiguity here, particularly in a technical explanation aimed at readers not already well-versed —as the old saying goes, there are two hard problems in programming: cache invalidation, naming things and off by one errors...

As such, I'd suggest

```suggestion
examined, then generation 1 is examined as well. With generation 2,
```

> things are a bit more complicated, see :ref:`gc-oldest-generation` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
things are a bit more complicated; see :ref:`gc-oldest-generation` for
```

Oops, missed this grammar error (comma splice)

> things are a bit more complicated, see `Collecting the oldest generation`_ for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
things are a bit more complicated, see :ref:`gc-oldest-generation` for
```

Per best practice and standard docs/devguide convention, `:ref:` is used for referencing sections instead of old-style implicit hyperlinks.

You'll also need to add a ref target label before the section heading:

```rst
.. _gc-oldest-generation:

Collecting the oldest generation
--------------------------------
```

Author: I am afraid I am not familiar with this practice, what's the rationale for this?

Reviewer: This is the standard way to reference sections in Sphinx and the CPython docs See the [quickref](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#quick-reference) and the [internal links section](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#internal-links) of the reST Markup page in the devguide itself, and the [Sphinx docs](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-ref) for full details.

Unlike legacy docutils-style implicit internal hyperlinks, they work reliably instead of silently breaking if section titles are changed at all, either the source or the target is moved to another page, or two sections have the same title, for instance—and in case they do ever break or are incorrect, they will raise a warning on build and appear unlinked in the rendered text instead of failing silently for both. They also automatically insert and update the section title, and they work consistently across all builders. Finally, they are standard convention in the CPython docs and particularly the devguide: here, `:ref:` is used 216 times, compared to only 6 (in 4 in 1 file, plus 1 one-offs) implicit section hyperlinks.

Author: Great, thanks for the explanation :+1:

Reviewer: Of course, glad it was helpful!

more information. These thresholds can be examined using the

> ``gc.get_threshold`` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`gc.get_threshold` function:
```

You can directly cross-reference this, since Intersphinx is enabled here for the CPython docs

allocations and deallocations since the last collection. When the number of
allocations minus the number of deallocations exceeds ``threshold_0``,
collection starts. Initially only generation 0 is examined. If generation 0 has

> been examined more than ``threshold_1`` times since generation 1 has been

Reviewer: I was wondering about this one...I should have spoken up, sorry :)
